Minor text issue in NodeJS doc (#2505)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/languages/nodejs/_index.md

## Dependencies

By default, Platform.sh assumes you're using npm as a package manager.

> If you have a `package.json` file in your code, the default [build flavor is npm](../../create-apps/app-reference.md#build):

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: 
```suggestion
If your code has a `package.json`, the following command is run as part of the default [build flavor](../../create-apps/app-reference.md#build):
```
